css:
  ‘.’ calling a class
  ‘#’ calling by id
  Colour - text colour
  Font-size for font size
  Border-radius- to round corners
  Padding, top,bottom and margin to position the elements and give space between buttons and position search bar.
  Height and width to set image, button sizes. Also used to change the search bar.
  Opacity-sets transparency
  background-color- to set background of buttons, searchbar, webpage, ‘transparent’ used to make button background transparent.
  Transition- how fast the sidebar moves across
  Display:block - the element takes up the whole line and nothing can be put on its sides. Inline-block so i can set width and height to the element
  Float: left/right- to move buttons to a side
  Text-align to align the text
  Text-decoration: none - so the text in the anchor tag <a> doesn’t have an underline.
  Z-index- sets the position on z axis (diagonal line goes through x and y axis in the middle)
  Font-family- set the font (i imported fonts from google fonts)
  Clears the element is cleared when clicked on, e.g buttons disappear
  Cursor:pointer- to change the pointer to hand
  Hover- so the element properties/style can be changed while being hovered on
  Line-height- spacing between lines
  Position: fixed, absolute (to set location exactly)
  Border- to style border, ‘solid’ is a style for the border e.g double, groove.



Html:
  Script to add javascript link
  Form to create a form for inputs
  Class container/ container fluid sets a container kind of a spacing where elements are in
  Hr- creates a rule (line)
  Button to create button
  Span for an inline container
  Type submit to create a submit button to submit form, email type to require an @ to be typed,password to censor input text, text to create an input gor text only
  Placeholder in search bar that disappears when something is typed in, ‘value’ remains in the box.
  Img for image
  P for paragraph to write info
  Label tag outside input tag to create label side of the input box instead of on top 
  Mt and p for margin top and padding
  Br for break (space) between elements
  Onclick, to give an action to the button
  Div to group elements.
  
